# rgb
We&#39;re going to explore a website that you run right on your desktop today. Use a text document to answer the questions.

1.  Open the index.html file inside of the rgb folder. 

2.  Play the game for a few minutes, get to know it, change the difficulty. 

    a.  How would you expand the game? What options or settings could you add? 

    - add a mode where you are timed and must answer a certain number of questions
    - make it so you can keep a record of different scores
    - make a colorblind setting/mode
    - add a tutorial

3.  Using this documentation https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction to guide you: 

    a.  What is the DOM?

    - A DOM is the Document Object Model. It represents the information of objects that make up the structure and content of the site.

    b.  When is the DOM different than HTML?

    - The DOM is different than the HTML if it is being changed by javascript or by a user in the developer tools.

    c.  What is the state of the DOM when you first load the page?

    - There are different states the DOM could be in. It could be changing based on the user and/or the javascript inacting changes. Or, it could be exactly like the source code if nothing is changing it.

    d.  What is the state of the DOM if you turn off JavaScript and refresh the page?
    
    -  The interactive parts of the site are removed. It becomes a more static page.

4.  Now let's explore the code. Use the inspector to investigate the HTML, CSS and Javascript. 

    a.  Which parts of UI are being generated by the HTML file? The CSS? The JavaScript?
    
    - Javascript

    * the ability to click on things and have an output
    *
    
    - HTML

    * text
    * menu
    * buttons
    * 
    
    - CSS 

    * defining the color of the rbgs
    * layout, such as padding and margin


    b.  What happens inside the CSS file when you click on various elements in the page? 

    - nothing

        i.  What elements does the CSS file change? 

        - Body
        - Container
        - Button

    c.  What happens inside the HTML file when you click on various elements in the page? 

    - nothing

    d.  Use breakpoints in the JavaScript to walk through what happens when you click on various elements on the page. 

        i.  What happens when you click on a color block?

        - 

        ii.  What happens when you click on the winning color block? 

        iii.  What happens when you click "Play again"? 

        iv.  What HTML and CSS elements can JavaScript change? 

        v.  How does score keeping work? 

        vi.  Why does it persist through closing the page? 

        vii.  When you win what happens when the title changes? 

        viii.  What does Asynchronous mean in the context of JavaScript? 

        ix.  What is the fetch function inside of updateColorName? 

        x.  What does it do? 

        xi.  What's an alternative to using fetch? 

        xii.  Why use one over the other? 

5.  Add comments to the JavaScript code explaining what you think each function does. 

6.  As you went through this process which of the 3E's did you draw from most? How?

    a.  Curiosity, Deal with Uncertainty, Observation Skills

7.  Push your changes to Git.

Other Resources: 

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage

- https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/javascript
